action from this first game here's the
opening one Gary O'Reilly Marco yelena
early in the game gave Cuba all sorts of
programs that they didn't really need
good low crossing the Rana gets there
first and one simple touch it's Molina
in the cubicle you worried then whether
or not you had anything to answer back
with founder
I was early in the game this was late in
the first half alvaro saborio through to
get yet another girl for his country is
23rd in costa rican colors went to good
before and after the interval or start
of the game that's a poor girl to
concede Molina with this goes beyond his
body this one where are the defenders
goalkeeper again by as the easy shimmy
from uranus and that within how many
seconds of the restart of the second i
had a minute yeah you know then that two
nil they've got half a slim chance of
three nil game over and it doesn't stop
there there's no because within a minute
it was another goal see Marco you Lena
getting his second once he goes to
ground like that Molina the goalkeeper
he has no chance of doing anything about
this going in the back of the net
you Lena incidentally the only Costa
Rican plan to be booked in this match
which is a the good thing as far as the
cutter lavelle pay the coach will be
concerned as well again an accumulator
and here's hina morning with number four
again because the goalkeeper
those little shimmy to the left go
around the gold people to the
goalkeepers left and slot at home it's
too easy carbon copy of your reign a
second goalkeeper buys it obviously week
going to that side or something that
other teams will have noticed particular
mexico i'm sure
so that was for Nell very early indeed
in the second period and then arguably
goal of the game came up substitute Joel
Campbell who came on for Marco you Dana
and it was made by Mora said the best
her last figures over here Campbell just
adjust his feet looks delicious volley
beautiful beautiful strike just composes
himself and this is unstoppable the
defender I think ducks out of the way
wise men
good play for more it been industrious
all evening and you can't stop seeing
this and be happy
you